You will go out with your son
tomorrow morning at 10:00.
Buy some gas with a credit card.
Go to Starbucks.
Establish a record of you
not being in your house
between 10:00 and noon.
You're going to find Daphne
on the floor beside the sink,
neck broken like she slipped
getting out of the shower.
There's a man
coming here to kill you.
You're not an English teacher.
When I was young,
watching movies,
I always thought
it was so stupid
when they dump a body
in the river.
I thought, "Why don't they make
a friend at a funeral home
and cremate the body?"
I got a call from
- Your brother David last week.
He left a message.
All he said was
- He was returning your call.
I called him five years ago.
So he's called
three times?
- Yeah.
You think Ava knows what's up?
Hey!
- Hey, Uncle Jav!
Daniela: Has he cooked for you?
Not yet.
You're a private chef,
Uncle Jav.
A private chef?
I'm starving.
You just had a Big Mac
an hour ago.
Gross. No, I didn't.
Yes, you did.
I had a double cheeseburger.
There's a difference.
Well, the point is
you ate food.
Now I want to eat again.
There's something
wrong with you.
Would you please just
find a place?
I have to concentrate.
I found a place.
This is a shopping mall.
I don't need clothes.
I need food
Well, at shopping malls, you can
get both of those things.
Here.
What is happening?
You're going shopping.
- Why?
Because you like
going shopping.
Because we're going
to my family dinner,
and maybe you want
something new to wear.
I have something new to wear.
Yeah, something you stole.
How would you know that?
Why do you care?
Because when you are
with my family,
I want you to wear
something you bought,
not something you stole
from an innocent person.
There is a difference.
Oh, my God.
Do we need to keep arguing,
or do you want to take this
and go buy things with it?
[ Sighs ]
You're not coming with me.
Didn't say I was
coming with you.
You don't get
wardrobe approval.
Okay.
[ Car door closes ]
♪♪
♪ I hear you through the walls ♪
♪ Now I can never leave ♪
♪ I guess you're taking care ♪
♪ Of your dirty laundry ♪
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, what's...?
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
I told you to park in
the third spot from the end.
This is the...
One, two, three...
Four, it's fine.
[ Sighs ]
Unlock it.
Turn off the car.
Why? I thought we would
go for a drive.
We're not driving anywhere.
Turn off the car.
[ Keys click, engine shuts off ]
Why are you wearing gloves?
Because I am sitting
in your car.
Yeah, but we're just talking.
No, you're just talking.
What?
I did my job.
It's over.
We don't need to talk.
You sent me a text eight hours
ago and said you needed to talk.
So you're just talking.
But why are you wearing
those gloves?
I don't like germs.
Um, okay.
Look, the police are asking me
all kinds of questions.
Of course they are.
You killed your wife.
You killed my wife.
No, you paid me
to kill your wife.
So you killed your wife.
They're asking the same
questions over and over.
The husband is always
the first suspect.
Yeah, but they're
gonna find out.
- No, they won't.
- Yes, they are.
They're gonna find out.
Chase, I told you I am
very good at what I do.
So, if you've been
- Following my instructions,
they will not find out.
I have. I did.
For the most part.
For the most part?
Can I get a room
started for you?
No thanks. I can kind of
tell what'll work on me.
So you're buying all of that?
Yeah. Get excited.
I hope you work on commission.
Uh, well, we do,
but nothing's on sale,
just so you know.
What is this?
"Pretty Woman?"
I told you go to Starbucks
with your son.
I know.
You didn't go to
Starbucks with your son?
He wanted to skateboard.
I took him to the park.
There's these curbs
that he likes.
He does trick on the curbs.
Were any of his friends there?
No.
Were any of your friends there?
No. No.
So why would you do that?
I know, okay?
By Tyler was relentless.
He wouldn't shut up.
And... and...
and I was stressed.
You were supposed to
establish a record
of you not being in your house
when Daphne was killed.
I know! I know!
And they know,
- And I don't know what to do
except tell the truth.
You will not that,
or you will die, too.
[ Sighs ]
So would you.
No.
No one would find me.
But you're the one
who did this.
You killed her.
You should be the one
that has to pay.
This is not
how it works, Chase.
[ Sobs ]
I'm a bad person.
I'm a fucking coward.
I can't even
go grocery shopping.
What?
And it's Tyler's
birthday next week.
I don't even know how to plan
for a kid's birthday party.
Daphne used to do that!
We're not talking about
your son's birthday!
Yes, we are!
We're talking about whatever
I want to talk about, okay?
So fuck you!
Calm down.
- No!
Fuck you for ruining my life!
For ruining my son's life!
For killing Daphne.
You didn't have to do it.
You could have said no.
I am very sorry I didn't.
You should have.
You did that to her.
I didn't.
What are you doing, Chase?
I'll feel better
if you're dead.
I'll feel better this way.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Panting ]
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
Carol: How's everything
going in there?
You know what?
You were totally right.
I am so glad
I tried all this on.
Yeah, how crazy would it be if
all of that worked on you?
Really crazy.
None of it worked.
Oh, nothing?
Nope.
And like you said,
none of it was on sale.
Bye, Carol.
Oh.
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
[ Siren chirps ]
[ Radio chatter ]
You're going to find Daphne
on the floor beside the sink.
Neck broken like she slipped
getting out of the shower.
It happens all the time.
Officer: Ma'am? Ma'am?
I need you to step away, okay?
I need all of you to step away.
[ Indistinct talking ]
I can explain.
Please don't.
Perfect.
♪ Hard time forgiving ♪
♪ Even harder forgetting ♪
♪ Before you do something ♪
♪ You might regret, friend ♪
♪ Bricks are caving in ♪
♪ Oh, how sweet this sin ♪
♪ I left you the keys ♪
♪ You won't let me in ♪
♪ Hard time forgiving ♪
♪ Even harder forgetting ♪
♪ Before you do something ♪
♪ You might regret, friend ♪
♪♪
♪ Like a river ♪
♪ Like a river, sh... ♪
[ Thump ]
♪ Like a river ♪
♪ Shut your mouth
and run me like a river ♪
♪ How do you fall in love ♪
♪ Harder than a bullet
could hit you? ♪
♪ How do you fall apart ♪
♪ Faster
than a hairpin trigger? ♪
♪ Don't you say,
don't you say it ♪
♪ Don't say, don't you say it ♪
♪ One breath,
and it'll just break it ♪
♪ So shut your mouth
and run me like a river ♪
Why aren't
you wearing your wig?
Why would I be wearing a wig?
The long blond one. You were
wearing it when you met Ava.
No, I wasn't.
- Yes, you were.
You're thinking of the selfie.
All week she's been asking
if I was bringing
- My girlfriend Marilyn, so...
Marilyn Monroe?
So she thinks I'm fat?
No.
She thinks you're blond.
Ava knows I wear wigs.
"Marilyn" is only a compliment
if you're already curvy.
If you're skinny, it means
you need to lose weight.
Every woman knows this.
Well, she's from Argentina.
She doesn't have
the same references.
Yes, she does.
- This shit is international.
Besides,
if I wear the blond wig,
I have to do
the Southern accent,
and Ava already knows
I don't have a Southern accent.
So do your nieces.
Why would you have
to do a Southern accent?
Because that's just
the way it works.
What?
- I'm not explaining it.
Fine.
Can you please
make me a Negroni?
Okay, just help me
- To understand why we're here.
When Ava invited me
to your family dinner,
I thought it would be you,
Ava, and the girls.
I didn't realize
- It would also be your parents
who you haven't spoken to
in like 20 years.
[ Sighs ]
My father paid for my sister
to build this restaurant.
Tonight is a celebration
of this achievement.
So they invited you?
After all this time?
Yes.
- Why?
Because my father
had a heart attack,
like I've also told you
64 times.
Yes, but you still
haven't told me
why you haven't spoken
to anyone in your family
since you were 16.
'Cause I don't talk
about that to anyone.
Oh, that's healthy.
[ Knife slams ]
Is it okay
- That you not know something?!
Huh?
What? Why? When? Who?
You harass me with all
the questions all the time.
But some people just don't like
to talk about every single thing
that has ever happened
to them in their life.
I would think
you would understand.
Have I ever asked you
for all the details?
All the horrible shit
you've been through?
Okay, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Now, do you think
you can make me a Negroni
without drinking
- All the gin behind the bar?
Possibly.
♪♪
[ Ice cubes rattling ]
So, who all is coming, exactly?
Javier didn't tell you?
He wasn't specific.
Big surprise.
- So, what?
Your father
had this heart attack
and just decided
he wanted to see Javier
for the first time
since he was a teenager?
[ Door opens ]
Silk: Hello?
- Ah!
[ Laughs ]
Place looks great.
Thank you.
- Hi!
- Hey, Letty!
- Hey.
Ava: Hello?
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
- Oh!
Yeah!
- Oh! Hi, my loves.
- Oh! Mwah!
So, this is yours,
but I want it to be mine.
Yes. And I want it
to be mine.
Babe, you didn't tell me
I'm about to meet 97 people.
Why didn't you tell her
about everyone?
It slipped my mind.
I guess it could be worse.
Last guy I seriously dated...
His family was from Delaware.
And?
That's it.
That's the whole story.
[ Laughter ]
He just got back
from a thing in Nassau.
For what?
- Couple players
on the Atlanta Braves...
wives, private jets,
the whole thing.
[ Sighs ]
Jav, tell them the story
about the...
I don't want to.
[ Sighs ] Fine.
So, okay. So, they wanted
oysters flown in from Maine.
Five years ago,
they're living on a farm
in the Dominican Republic,
and now they need oysters
flown in from Maine?
Look, I need to get
everything done before
everyone arrives, so...
He found this world-famous
oyster supplier,
but what's so crazy is
that she randomly only does
the oyster thing as a hobby.
She's actually a lawyer.
Anyway, he had them
flown in the cargo
of some guy's private jet.
Which, uh, players
were they, again?
Uh, I don't know.
Sports.
[ Laughing ] Who cares?
Upton was one of them, right?
Upton and a couple
of shortstops?
Okay, stop!
Everyone, stop.
I'm sorry, but I need to work.
Everyone is arriving
in 10 minutes, and I ha...
Okay!
Calm down.
We're going.
Silk, can you help me
with the dinner table?
Sure.
- Daniela, Sofia,
help your uncle.
Uh, how?
Like this.
You just start helping.
- Okay. Um...
Thank you.
Be right back.
What?
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm playing along.
No, you're not.
You're screwing around
with bullshit stories.
You're a private chef
with absolutely no stories.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm about to see a lot of people
I haven't seen in many years.
I don't want it fucked up.
This is my family, not yours.
Well, there are no lies
in my family.
They know I'm a thief.
Does your family
know what you do?
Oh, and, P.S.,
if you can cook,
why bother with all that
horrendous philanthropy shit?
Because.
- Because?
Because when you tell different
lies to different people,
when something comes back to me
through a third party,
I know who's talking to who.
A third party?
- Yes.
Seriously?
You don't do that?
No.
- Why not?
Because that would require
time and energy
better spent doing
literally anything else.
Yeah, except
when it's your family.
[ Sighs ]
- Think of a title
for your book.
What book?
You told the girls, who told
my sister, you were a writer.
I told them
I work for Instagram.
You told them
you work for Instagram
to support your true passion,
which is writing.
Someone is going to ask you
what the book is called.
You should think
of a title now...
- I...
so you don't have
to worry about it later.
I'm fine.
I think on my feet.
Okay.
"Mr. Hollywood."
I'm sorry. What?
Just an idea.
For a title?
Yeah, in case
- You can't think of one later.
I think...
I think it's pretty good.
"Mr. Hollywood."
I-I need another Negroni.
Mm.
Yeah, no shit.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Indistinct conversation ]
[ Conversation stops ]
Hi!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Gasps ] Oh, mijo!
[ Laughing ] Mijo!
Oh, my God.
[ Conversing in Spanish ]
Mijo.
[ Laughter ]
Whoo!
Carlos.
- [ Laughs ]
♪♪
Oscar: Javier.
¿Si, Papa?
Aren't you going to introduce me
to that white person?
Yeah, of course.
Uh, Letty. Hi.
I'm sorry.
This is Letty.
She's, uh, my girlfriend.
Hi.
Oh. Hi.
Drunk already.
Charming.
[ Man singing in Spanish ]
David:
We hear you're a writer.
She's writing a book!
Writing is just a hobby.
You should never give up
your passions.
What's the book about?
It's really more of
a Word document at this point.
What's the Word document about?
A guy who tries to cash in on
his resemblance to Ryan Gosling.
Ryan Gosling.
Who is this?
Oh, he's very famous.
Very famous.
Ryan Gosling
- Is my celebrity free pass.
[ Chuckles ] Your what?
The one celebrity
- I'm allowed to sleep with
if the opportunity
comes up. [ Laughs ]
What's wrong with you?
Huh?
So, what's this guy's name,
the one
who looks like Ryan Gosling?
Lance. He works a hamburger
place called White Castle.
Lance in a White Castle.
Can I read it?
It's a work in progress.
Well, when you finish it, then?
It'll take a long time.
I have a really big job
at Instagram.
The Internet?
It's on the outskirts
of the Internet, yeah.
What do you do?
I assist the local government.
I'm also on the outskirts.
So mysterious.
- Thank you.
Reminds me of your brother.
When I first met him,
I had no idea what he did,
and then I found
all his knives.
And then
I realized he was a chef.
[ Chuckles ]
Speaking of.
I need to get back to it.
Okay.
[ Knife chopping ]
Si.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Hi.
- Hey.
You okay?
[ Glass clinking ]
Yeah. Are you?
- Yeah.
I'm so happy our family
is all here in my restaurant
that I named
after our birthplace.
In this restaurant
that you so generously
helped me build, Papa.
[ Laughing ] Thank you!
It's a dream come true,
but the bigger dream...
and until last week
I really didn't know
if this would happen...
is that we are all together,
finally,
after much too long,
with Javier.
- Salud.
- Cheers.
Okay.
Oh, I-I almost forgot.
What a wonderful surprise it is
for everyone to meet Letty.
I just love you.
Welcome to the family.
- Cheers.
- Salud.
Salud.
[ Glasses clinking ]
Ava:
Papa, you can't smoke in here.
Mnh-mnh.
[ Lighter clicks ]
For the ash.
So, what is that, Javier?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Hey, congratulations.
Oscar:
I also have something to say.
Many of us haven't seen each
other for a long, long time.
And it may surprise some of you
that it weighed on me heavily.
I'm not the type
to emote unnecessarily.
But I have to say...
This is one of
the happiest moments of my life.
Bravo, Papa.
Bravo.
[ Woman chuckles ]
- Salud.
All: Salud.
I'm not finished.
"Any life, no matter
how long and complex it may be,
is made out of a single moment.
A moment when a man
finds out once and for all
who he really is."
Argentina's greatest writer
said that.
Who was it?
Do you care, Carlos?
I guess not.
No.
Carlos, can I borrow your son?
For what?
- Tomasito, come.
Come here.
When Javier was 16 years old,
he was a wild kid...
motorcycles, hunting, girls.
But he always had a temper
with his two brothers
David and Carlos.
The only time
that Javier was affectionate
was with little Santino.
Here we go.
[ Sighs ]
Who's Santino?
Papa, please.
When the family's all together,
it's important to recognize
the ones who are not.
Okay.
Little Santino
was the youngest, the baby,
and Javier loved him
very, very much.
He taught him how to fish,
how to cook.
On little Santino's
7th birthday,
Javier wanted to take him for
a camping trip to Gran Chaco.
So they found
one of the old Jeeps
laying around the property,
and off they went.
They were supposed to stay up
until midnight for his birthday,
but little Santino
never made it to midnight.
How did it start again?
I was teaching Santino
how to start a fire.
Teach him how to start a fire.
To a 7-year-old.
Well, little Santino might not
have adhered very closely
to Javier's instruction...
because something that he did
caused Javier
to throw a rock at his head.
It was not a rock.
It was a small stone.
Almost a pebble.
Santino was dancing around
with a torch
near the dry brush.
He almost started
a forest fire for miles.
So to save his precious forest,
Javier threw a rock
at his little brother's head.
[ Thump, woman gasps ]
Just like that.
Santino said he was fine.
I'm sure he said he was fine.
But then he got tired,
didn't he?
He wanted to lie down.
And what do you do
with a head injury?
I didn't know.
Javier said, "You go lay down.
I'll wake you up at midnight
for your birthday."
So little Santino
went right to sleep.
When your brain starts to lose
blood, you get drowsy first.
Always keep someone
with a head injury awake,
because the next morning,
on his 7th birthday,
little Santino did not wake up.
Javier went to sleep and forgot
to wake him up at midnight.
He let him sleep
all night long.
And before checking on him
again, he went fishing.
He made a pot of coffee
while Santino lay dead
inside of a sleeping bag.
[ Crying ] It wasn't his fault.
He was only 16 years old.
He knew better.
He couldn't have saved him.
Yes, he could have saved him.
You know this.
I spoke to a doctor.
He was very clear.
They would detected the brain
injury with a CAT scan.
They could have
preformed surgery.
How many doctors did you ask
before you found one
that told you that?
He would be alive today
if it weren't for you.
I'm certain of that.
I am sorry.
Of course you're sorry.
You killed your little brother.
It makes sense to be sorry.
Are you done?
Yes.
I think I am, now that we have
remembered little Santino.
Thank you for listening
to an old man talk.
To Santino.
[ Sighs ]
[ Squishing ]
[ Sizzling ]
♪♪
I think we should go.
No.
Was your father
always like that?
I'm serious.
I think we should go.
No.
You're telling me that
what just happened was okay?
Obviously what happened to
your brother was not your fault.
How was it not my fault?
I hit him in the head.
He died from the injury.
That is what happened.
I know my father is...
who he is,
but he's right about that.
You see,
- This is why we should go.
You can go.
[ Knife thuds ]
- Just go!
Please.
You guys, what's
- Going on with this family.
What is that?
Nothing.
[ Chuckles ]
Show me.
Are you seriously
- Huffing ether right now?
The only time I've ever
heard of anyone doing this
was in "Fear and Loathing."
That's where we got it.
We needed to kill some major
brain cells after that insanity.
Promise not to tell,
Aunt Letty.
Don't ever call me that again.
Okay.
You want to try it?
I'm not doing ether
with two teenage girls.
Is that how you see us?
After "The Ballad of Little
Santino," how could you not?
Has Uncle Jav
ever told you that story?
Um, no.
We found out
- A couple years ago. It's sad.
I mean, what the hell is wrong
with your grandfather's brain?
You know when people say,
"My grandpa's
from another generation,"
and it means
- That he's racist or sexist?
Yeah.
Well, in Argentina
when you say that,
it means that he killed
a lot of people in the '70s.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm sorry. What?
Go to Wikipedia
- And put in the "Dirty War."
Holy shit.
Oscar was involved in this?
He wasn't, like,
in charge of it, but...
It says tens of thousands
of people were killed.
Whenever we ask about it,
they just say it was politics.
Super-sketch.
Girls, come inside.
[ Can sprays ]
[ Sniffs ]
Oh, that's gross.
♪♪
[ Man singing in Spanish ]
Conchita: [ Laughs ]
Come in.
Okay.
Would you mind terribly
if I switched places with you
at the dinner table?
You don't want
to sit next to Javier?
I see him every day.
I'm sure
- You'd love to sit next to him.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
[ Singing in Spanish continues ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
So, how do you feel
about knocking that little boy
in the head
with your fist earlier?
How do I feel about it?
Yeah.
It's pretty traumatic.
Maybe you should say
you're sorry.
You want me
- To apologize to a child?
Maybe you should apologize
to your son.
Javier?
What for?
Because he didn't know
what to do about a head wound.
He was a kid.
He was 16.
Do you think that maybe you
could have consoled him
instead of kicking him out
of your family?
Oh, you'll fit right in.
Is that right?
Let me tell you
how this family works.
Everyone's on Javier's side,
and I'm left alone to look
like a spiteful old man.
[ Chuckles ] Aren't you?
I'm glad
everyone's enjoying themselves.
- Yeah.
- Everything is perfect.
Silk: Mm-hmm.
I'll be right back
with dessert.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Gracias, Soledad.
Do you love him?
I'm not sure yet.
Well, we're about to find out.
[ Thunder crashes ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
I'm 15, and Sofia's 16.
We're not children.
Go.
That's better.
Now we can all be real people.
Yes. Good.
Been wanting to know why you had
to hit my son on the head.
It's good for him.
It toughens him up.
So, Javier...
Yes?
I bet you can't wait
to get out of here.
You know,
- You're not wrong about that.
Papa, I think
some of us were misled
as to why you wanted to visit.
How can you say that?
I wanted to see
this beautiful restaurant.
My only daughter's dream
coming true.
But you also said you wanted
to make things right
with Javier.
And I do.
Doesn't seem like you do.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
But let's see what else
I have to say, huh?
[ Sighs ]
It's been so many years.
There's so little
I know about my son.
Like, for instance,
what are you doing
for a living these days?
You know what I do.
We've talked about this.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I know you cook well enough
to let everybody
believe you're a chef,
but is that all you do
to make ends meet?
Yes.
That's not quite true, is it?
In fact, I was so curious
about what my son was doing,
and not being able
to contact him,
I had David hire someone
to check into it.
Why do you disrespect this
family by lying to our faces?
Darling, I'm sorry to be
the one to tell you this,
but your beloved son
is a contract killer.
[ Laughs ]
I'm sorry for my husband.
He always had
a sick sense of humor.
[ Laughs ]
- Did you know this?
About your sick sense of humor?
Yeah, I picked up on that
pretty quickly.
Nah.
Do you know
- What your boyfriend does
when he goes
on his little trips?
He's a private chef.
I think we should go.
I agree.
Let's go.
Do you know this guy?
He died of a heart attack.
Uh, he looks
- In pretty good shape to me.
This woman...
She fell in the shower.
The coroner said
that it was an accident.
[ Sniffs ] Too bad.
Ah, this guy
died of natural causes.
Perhaps not so natural, huh?
Who are these people?
What's happening?
Maybe Papa didn't have
a heart attack, Ma.
I think it was a stroke.
Be a man and tell the truth!
Tell your mother
and your sister
and your brothers
and little girlfriend!
Tell them so I don't have
to listen to them
begging me to let you
back into the family.
I always knew,
and now they all know.
You were a killer at 16,
and you're a killer now.
You're evil.
And if you don't tell
the truth, Silk will!
Tell them!
I have nothing to say.
Sure, you do.
Leave him alone.
Come on, tell them.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
[ Gun cocks ]
Ava: David!
Oh!
- David!
Talk.
David, put down the gun!
[ Gasps ]
Put it down!
What is going on?
[ Crying ]
I will tell the truth...
after you put down the gun.
♪♪
David, put down the gun!
Javier, what is this?
How many people did you kill?
Unh-unh.
This is not about me.
That's what all of this
is about.
You sit there
accusing me of murder,
when you are responsible
for killing thousands
of innocent people!
Aah!
- Conchita: Stop!
What are you doing?
Javier's about to kill
another one of your sons.
[ Bullet thuds ]
You forced me out of my family.
You left me with no one.
I was invisible.
Because of you, I've been
totally alone since I was a kid.
Not because of me.
Because of you.
If it weren't for Ava...
I am here tonight
because Ava told me
that I could have
my family back.
All of the beautiful people
in this room.
And I thought
if there was a chance
that you would
let me back in...
[Voice breaking] if you
would really forgive me...
then I would forgive you.
I don't need forgiveness
for anything.
[ Breathes sharply ]
I will never see you again.
Well, finally,
we agree on one thing.
[ Gasping ]
Well...
is everybody ready to go?
Yes?
My ice cream has melted.
So?
I'll go get the little ones.
Stay, Mama.
I'll go get them.
Find the girls.
Why isn't
everybody standing up?!
Ava.
Are you
- Coming with your family?
Or are you staying with Javier?
Poor Javier.
Like always.
I'm not going anywhere
with you.
Well,
- As one of your investors,
I recommend switching chefs,
because the meat was overdone
and the peaches were burnt.
Other than that,
- It's a beautiful restaurant.
You're welcome.
What is going on?
Someone will explain it to you.
Or I will explain it to you...
one day.
I'll be in the kitchen.
Is it true?
You're not a private chef?
No.
Look, I got into this life
because...
What life?!
A life
- Of ending other people's lives?
Yeah, but these people,
they're not...
Not what? Innocent?
You kill people?
No, you don't.
I know you don't do this.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sighs ]
You believed him
- When he said you were a killer
when you were 16.
[ Sniffles ]
Ava...
And he turned you into this.
Ay.
[ Breathes deeply ]
Oh. [ Sniffles ]
No.
[ Sniffles ]
Ava.
[ Sighs ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
Go.
Please... go.
I'm not going anywhere.
Here.
[ Sniffles ]
Take the car.
I don't need it.
Okay.
I will.
[ Breathes deeply ]
And I'll take you.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sobs ]
♪♪